hey should you say yes when your manager
asks you to take on more
responsibilities let me help you analyze
it so you can make a wise decision by
the way if you like this video please
click like And subscribe that would mean
a lot to me that's exactly the question
one of my marketing managers I coach
asked me her leadership team asked her
to help the VP product manage some of
the key deliverables for the product
team she is already swamped who is it
and this will be additional scope on top
of everything she currently does as a
marketing director she's not sure if she
wants to take it I completely understand
I said you know what this is totally up
to you but that's analyze the pros and
cons of increasing your job scope
together so what are some of the pros
number one she can gain great insights
into the product teams understand the
future feature they'll add yay number
two provide marketing input when the
product team is thinking about the
future product roap move the marketing
influence
Upstream number three build a
relationship with the product engineers
and the product project managers yay so
think about it she can expand her
knowledge within the company grow her
skill sets and expertise and build her
network what about cons well she's over
capacity so taking out additional
responsibilities might not be the best
for her
well-being she also has young children
at
home this expansion will require her to
trouble a whole lot more and miss out
some valuable time with her
children in addition she's stretching
herself Way Too Thin she may risk faing
at her primary job all these are valel
points work and life balance
overextending herself the mental health
well-being so here's what I told her you
know what take a break then get through
take this offer as a compliment your
leadership team has asked you to take
out something that is not even in
marketing that means they try besides
that you have the ability to make a
difference number two
negotiate you can
negotiate tell them you already work 50
or 60 hours a week you'll need more
resources especially resources or
possibly a budget to help you
out you should also explain that for
this to be successful the product team
needs to pull its
weight if your product colleagues don't
do this share you can't I mean you can't
be successful set the expectations up
front having product experience in
addition to sales and marketing can also
give you more option in your future
career
choices the key is she has a choice I
told her the family always comes first
it is okay to say no and explain why she
can't do it at this time her leadership
team would understand after a couple
weeks she made a
decision she decided to take on
additional responsibility after talking
to her team her family the VP of produ
and leadership
team so if you are asked by your
managers to take out more
responsibilities think through whether
or not they are short turn and or
long-term benefits will this help you
grow your skill sets will this help you
to get your dream job in the future it's
okay to say no to your management if you
decline the offer thank them for
thinking of you then explain clearly why
you can't take on the initiative at this
moment think is through once you make a
decision stick to it if if you like this
video please like it subscribe if you
feel you've learned something more B2B
marketing and live in general to come
take care bye